24-11 : The message about the times where I felt it.
25-11 : Our first video call
	Today, I wanted to focus on something equally as important than it was scary. For a long time, while talking to each other, even calling each other, I dread the video call. 
	Déjà, I know that I am not super comfortable in video calls, even up to now. I just feel like it's awkward to look at someone in a screen while seeing yourself and having to make conversation. I tend to prefer forgetting about the physical aspect in a conversation, and for that, a normal call is perfect for me. We could just be laying in bed doing nothing and talking for hours without having to stare into each other eyes feeling too shy to say anything else.

	I knew it was important for you though and I also wanted to see you, and for the better, because I got to see that laugh / smile that made me fall.
	To this day, I would still say that it was the right choice to make it happen just before I had to leave. A way to sort of break the ice before staying on video call for a longer period. I got to see you move around, place me in the closet that I am so familiar with now and you got to see me being super shy and not daring to move around so much.
	In truth, I was mostly scared of you seeing how big I was and backing away. I also feared being too awkward and making you uncomfortable.

	I remember being so curious about your living situation. I told you many times that I was really not sure of what your living situation was as you remained vagued about it. And I was even thinking that you might be hiding that you had a child or something. And so, despite being quite shy, I was looking around as you moved, trying to figure stuff out but all I could see was my future petit wife in a cute little dress.

	I remember imagining you standing in front of a closet, being excited that it was finally hapenning. And I now wonder what did you think about that first video call? Did you think I was too awkward, were you scared as well?

26-11 : The long walks with music and me sending flowers
	This doesn't really count as a "this is it moment" because I had already fallen for you when we started this little ritual. 
	
	It felt so natural for us to just pick songs, play them and text everything we had in mind while walking. This is probably one of the things that made me realize how easy going our beginning was. I appreciated how you enjoyed me sending pictures of things I would come across, and especially flowers. Come to think of it, we fell in love during spring, and a lot of people associate that season with blooming love, parallel to nature blossoming everywhere. 
	Effortlessly, just like nature programmed it for plants, we were designed to experience these petit walksand fall for each other more after each text.

	Of course, I remember that it was during one of these walks that the "Your Body is a Wonderland" song played for us to start bonding even more, and I believe, for you to really fall for me. 

	Sometimes, I wish I would have picked some of these flowers and kept them into a book to dry. I wish I had kept tokens of our little walks so that we can think about these moments more often. For a lot of people, these would be lost in the process of falling for each other, maybe focusing too much on the result of falling. I do think that these moments are important to remember. The romance, the poésie, behind the falling matters more than the result to me because this is what made me kept wanting to message you as soon as my eyes opened.

27-11 : Ode for a bubble (How it felt falling in love with you)
	Bubble is such a simplistic childish word. I don't even like the way it sounds really "bubbbb". But despite these primary defects, for lack of a better word describing how it felt, bubble will have to do.
	Our love materializing into an unbreakable barrier between us and the rest of the world with only a small hermetic door for when one of us has to go out or to work. 
	I remember the first weeks / months talking to each other, discovering each other. And it felt like we were alone on earth. I was barely speaking to anyone else, spending all of my time talking to you. We spent sleepless night on the phone before going to work where I would continue texting you. 
	Falling in love with you felt like suddenly I had something to do, a purpose. My mind being already too busy with the thought of you that everything else was done on autpilot, without thinking about it. 
	I discovered how sweet life was, I began enjoying walking around, the wind on my skin as if it were your touch. I remember laughing a lot more, even with other people or my family. Food tasted better, music sounded clearer, the weather always sunny. After all, how could there be clouds and rain in a bubble.
	I remember comparing the situation to a movie because it really felt like it was a written story. Something already scripted, for it to be so perfect. 
	Do you remember what I told you about the movie "Your Name"? I said that the first time I saw it, it made me incredibly sad because I never felt what they are portraying. And it had a big impact on me. When we saw it after meeting each other, it did not have the same effect because I already felt what they are portraying with you. 
	Just like in movies, whatever we'll talk about, we'll agree on. Just like in movies, whatever challenge comes our way, it's erased so fast. 
	To the point where your mom even met some german guy 10 years prior to us meeting, just so that you'd be able to stay long enough when you visit me.
	I remember how clear it was to me that this was it. Her or no one. This or nothing.
	And in our bubble, life sped through so fast that we were already in Dusseldorf meeting each other. 
	

28-11 : I love the way it always feels like we're falling in love
	Today is inspired by this song that I have recently discovered. I like the sentence that is the title for today. With yesterday's text, I described to you how it felt falling in love with you and I must say that it never stopped.
	Some might say that they miss how it felt falling in love with their partner because their "magic" or "fire" is gone. But I don't think we could say the same.
	It somehow still feels like we are in our bubble, together, at home. And every moment we spend together is filled with romance. 
	What we are doing right now, writing letters to each other, preparing surprises, some might just do that the first time they see each other, and then the magic is gone. But it seems like it will be a life-long thing. I just love preparing surprises for you, picking up little surprise snacks at the groceries for you, or flowers.
	I love preparing your breakfast every morning and bringing it to you in bed.
	Our daily life is filled with romantic moments, even more romantic than what people perceive as romantic. For some it would be grand gestures like writing your name in the sky.
	For me, it's about consistantly expressing my love for you by bringing you your tea, exactly the way you like it, every morning.
	It always feels like we're falling in love because our love keeps growing, renews, and stays young. We are finding new ways to love each other and to show it. We are relentlessly expressing it. And therefore, it never feels like the fire died down. If anything, the fire is starting to burn everything around it and the pacíon only grows bigger. 
	I remember us imaging the falling with a flower, and then a field of flowers, the grounds of this prairie is quite fertile because it keeps on sprouting new flowers, and even when the first flowers fade out, just as nature intended for them to go, new stronger ones grow on that soil. 
	Funny how my greatest achievment in life had nothing to do with any skills. It simply was falling in love with you. 

30-11 : The first date!!
	What a night. You had planned everything, until the moment where we would have that spicy end!
	I'm sure most people would find it dumb, to have an "online date" like that, cooking together, even having wine and sitting down to pretend that we actually are on a date. But to me it was so romantic.
	One of the most romantic things I've ever had the chance to see or live. And again, as I will often say when describing things that we did or say, I love how it was effortless. None of us had to convince the other that it was a good idea. It just clicked.
	_ "Hey let's have a date!"
	_ "Yeah! We can prepare it on video call and have some wine"
	The idea bounced on each other and became such a complete romantic experience. 
	I love how we opened up even more during that night, with you telling me about what happened in 2016. You let me in your petit heart, and I remember thinking to myself that night that all I want is to help you, protect you, cherish you. And we were not even really together despite being already dangerously close. 
	Looking closely at how things are nowadays, we still have that kind of dates quite often. I would cook pasta for you, pizza for me and we would have it together in our petit room. But I'm always taken back to that first date whenever we go to a restaurant. 
	For example, I remember our date in 3 brasseurs, where we seemed to have been the only couple who's enjoying their time. We were talking a lot, laughing, just like that first night together.
	Funily enough, that first date was also the day we had our first sexual experience together and despite feeling quite shy about it at first, it, again, felt so natural and effortless. After the few first minutes lost in my overthinking process "what are we doing?... Is it not cringe what I'm saying?... Will she like if I say this?..." I just abandonned myself to the moment, and if I remember correctly, it also was the night when I told you "I love you" for the first time during that sexual experience. 

	I'd like to discuss about this first date with you today whenever we are on the phone, I'm curious to know what your recollection of the even is and if there are hidden details to remember. I want to keep this memory as full and intact as possible to cherish it forever.

29-11 : Let's go back! (Our trip to Italy)

	While I tend to forget a lot of days in my life, this one will always be in my memory. Very early morning for me, you allowed me to ask you to be my girlfriend.
	
	Now, of course, this was merely a formality as we were already pretty much acting the part for the better part of the weeks prior to that. But it remains an important step.
	An officialisation of our falling for each other.

	Funnily enough, on that day, I -or we- was leaving for Italy. With you in my pocket, we discovered the creepy crib and Napoli's dirty streets.
	Traveling this way with you gave me a preview of what it would be like to travel together physically. I discovered that we were quite similar when traveling. 
	We don't necessarily need to be outside 24/7 to feel like the trip was worth it. There was actually this day were we didn't go out at all... I wonder what happened that day... 
	
	I also enjoyed our long walks through Napoli, even if you were not able to always be in pocket tazi mode because of my battery or sometimes lack of network, or simply the time difference.
	It's quite incredible the way it feels like we were there together, merely because we were always on the phone, or texting. 
	I sometimes stop and think about the fact that, even before we met, we were already inseparable. 
	We just didn't want to spend time apart, and therefore, we were always in contact. I really like that about us, how we are a package deal, never one without the other. 
	Two sides of the same coin. I'm sure we will always be like that, until we're too old to even move two feet away from each other.

	I would love to go back to Italy with you, not necessarily Napoli but maybe country side and Rome because you'd like to visit artsy things there. 
	I would love for us to walk around together there, discovering the landscape the same way we did on our first trip there. 
	I know it's not easy for you to walk for a long time sometimes and you don't necessarily enjoy doing so, but if you let go of the fact that you're walking, I can tell you that it's quite enjoyable. 
	
	I think on that trip, I realized that I loved walking a lot. I remember even mentionning to you that it would be fun to walk every day during a vacation going from point A to B just walking.
	Although it sounds like a crazy plan, I still believe it would be fun and quite the experience. If one day you're down to do that, let me know petit wife!
	






01-12 : Et pourquoi pas? 
	J'ai décidé d'écrire en français. Et je sais que tu vas me dire "Mais, mon amour, tu aurais pu écrire en français tous les jours en fait!!". 
	J'ai cependant envie que cela reste spécial dans ce petit projet que j'ai pour toi. C'est parfois plus facile d'écrire en français, parfois en anglais. 
	Alors tu auras d'autres jours en français, ne t'inquiète pas.

	Aujourd'hui, je n'ai rien de spécial à raconter, il faut bien laisser quelques trucs pour les prochains jours.
	Je voulais donc en profiter pour te dire ce que je ressens depuis mon retour en France.

	Les jours me paraîssent longs et j'ai beaucoup de mal à me repérer dans le temps. Je n'arrive bien souvent pas à savoir quelle heure il est, si je suis censé
	prendre le petit déjeuner ou le dîner. C'est difficile parce que je m'endors à des heures improbables et je n'ai pas l'impression de pouvoir accomplir quoique ce soit.

	Sans toi, la vie n'a que peu d'intérêt. C'est comme si j'étais forcé de regarder un film sans les couleurs et le son. Comme si on me disait de cuisiner sans ajouter de sel.
	Les moments les plus difficiles sont ceux où je me rends compte que tu n'es pas là alors que je m'apprêtais à te préparer ton thé ou que je suis en train de cuisiner et que j'ai 
	soudain envie de venir te voir dans la chambre. Mais tu n'es pas là. 
	A chaque fois, ça me fait un pincement au coeur. Un rappel brutal de la situation. 

	Je me rassure en me disant que tu seras bientôt de retour et que, même si les jours sont longs, le temps passse quand même assez vite. Nous sommes déjà en décembre et à la fin du mois 
	tu seras de retour. 

	J'ai hâte de te retrouver ici, mon amour. J'ai hâte de partager le lit avec toi à nouveau et de pouvoir reprendre nos petites habitudes. 

	Tu es le centre de mon monde. Je t'aime plus que tu ne le sais. Plus qu'il est possible de le dire.
	

02-12 : Your intelligence

	Today, we begin this week's series of talking about your qualities. The things that made me and keep making me fall for you.

	I thought it would be a good fit to begin with your intelligence as it is something that is quite attractive to me. I think it is called sapiosexuality. It
	describes someone who finds intelligence attractive. For me, it really is one of the most important thing because I find it extremely boring to converse with
	someone who lacks intelligence or curiosity for the world. 
	
	When I meet people, could it be when I was younger with my friends in bars, or now at work, whenever I meet new people, it's always the first thing I'm looking for. 
	And sadly, if I see that the person is lacking in that department, I already know that my liking towards them will be limited.
	So, when we met, I was looking for markers of intelligence. 

	Right away, I noticed how you liked to tackle subjects deeply and seriously. I loved how your points were always interesting and well thought. 
	I remember talking about politics and I remember how good it felt to find someone who had the same point of view as me. Thinking that all of it does not matter 
	because none of these politics are interested in changing anything. 
	I remember being pleasantly surprised by your cunning word play or jokes.
	Very quickly, I saw your mind was interesting and sharp. 

	Today, I remain impressed whenever you fix something effortlessly, like with Belle's collar or whenever you need to pack something up for Vinted. I'm also
	very impressed by the way you're able to paint so well. 
	And I think this is were your intelligence, in my opinion, shines the most. Your creativity and your ability to create the most beautiful things with your hands. 
	I've never seen any of your paintings or drawings that would not impress me. I could have never imagined how that project of yours would turn out to be so well orchestrated.
	
	Some people might confuse that for "talent" or hand skills but I know that it takes an intelligent mind to do all of this so well. 
	Your intelligence is remarkable mon amour, and it is so attractive. xs

03-12 : Your vulnerability
	I don't even know if that counts as a quality for everyone, but to me, your vulnerability only makes my love for you grow.
	
	This side of you took a while to be uncovered. Maybe it is your way of trying to shield yourself from harm, or maybe it is just because you were more shy.
	Regardless, I don't really know it started to show but I definitely know that it wasn't there at all in the very beginning.

	I've told you this before, but I think we are sad souls. People who've been through a lot and have known sadness and pain. People who need to be understood and cherished
	to be able to thrive in any kind of relationship. 
	I remember one time, after one of our first visits to charleville mézières, we were talking about some trauma from your past, I don't remember exactly what it was. 
	But I remember that you felt understood and you cried. 
	This was probably one of the earliest moments where I understood the depth of your vulnerability and how important it was to cherish and protect you.

	I keep circle back to that sense of duty towards you, and with me being able to understand you and your vulnerability, the task is even more important.
	Not only as your husband, but also as the one to whom you can confess about every pain, every fear, I cannot fail to the duty of making sure you feel loved and appreciated.
	I have said it before, and i will kep saying it over and over, but to me, that sense of duty, that weight, is positive. I do think that it is important to feel the weight
	of your partner's heart in your hands. It is important to understand the gravity of that responsibility.

	I love how you allow yourself to be little Tazi with me. I know she did not have a good time growing up and that she'd prefer to hide in many situations.
	So to know that she feels safe to come out and play fills me with joy. 
	My only hope is that one day, she will be healed enough to experience the wolrd again, without being hurt so much. She is much better than what she was told she was. 
	She is much smarter and much stronger too. She is a vulnerable little soul, with plenty to give. She just needs to know that she is cherished and loved. 

04-12 : Your laugh
	This one is a bit of an easy one. I have to admit that, as easy as it is to pick this for the subject of today, it is something
	that was inevitably going to come out. 

	I know that I've already mentionned it in the "This is it moments" entry but I thought I ought (impossible to pronounce btw) to make
	sure I cover this extensively for it is not but your laugh that is to compliment. 

	You already know now that your laugh made me fall right away. As soon as we were consistently video calling, I would admire your face
	light up everytime I would manage to make you laugh. And the sight is more beautiful than anything I've seen. 
	It's the way your head pulls back, while your eyes are closing. And your mouth opens, just enough for me to see your beautiful smile.
	Your entire face completely lights up. 
	It's the way that it sounds. Loud and light at the same time. Just like a caress for my ears, or my brain, telling it "good job for making me laugh, here is your reward". 

	But it is also the way that it comes out so easily. Selfishly, I love the way it makes me feel. I love being empowered and complimented 
	by your laugh. Whenever I hear it, I just feel like the happiest, and funniest person on earth. 
	Selfishly, I don't care if we laugh outloud when we are in public. I want people to hear how happy you are. How much I enjoy your company, 
	and how much you enjoy mine. 

	Your laugh, and the way it illuminates your face, is the cure for my low self-esteem. Although I am aware that I might be funny at times, 
	nothing will make me feel like the funniest guy in any room more than your laugh. You laugh makes me feel like I am loved, appreciated, like someone actually enjoys my company.
	It also plays a major part in showing how good our relationship actually is. We enjoy each other's company genuinly. We are each other's best friend. 
	And what do best friend do together? They laugh.

	If your laugh was music, I would play it on repeat, all day, like the half adhd incured weirdo that I am.

05-12 : Your sweetness
This entry is a little bit special, not easy to write.

It would be so easy to just chat for hours about how kind you are to me, how caring you are. It would be easy to describe how your sweet embrace makes me feel.But all of this cannot accurately describe why I like your sweetness so much.
Instead, I'd like to look at the spectrum of your sweetness in the many ways you can move me, in the many ways you can touch my heart.


One of the first instances of that was when you described to me how you felt when I was telling you about my shoes getting a bit damaged from the washing machine when we met. Your first reaction was to look for a new pair for me instantly. For you, it is natural to provide what I would be lacking.And in that regard, you are providing everything I was lacking in a relationship. All the little things I wished for in my past relationship, you provide so naturally, effortlessly.All of these things touch my heart because, for some of the things, I had given up on having. It particularly touches my heart when you caress me out of the blue, kiss me casually. I love every sign of affection, but this sweetness of touch is moving; it is like giving yourself up, forgetting yourself for a moment. And in that moment, you get to not think about any problem you might have.

You move me when you tell me about how you feel in certain situations, because it always takes me back to little Tazi, because a lot of things you get to experience through her eyes, or at least with eyes heavily impacted by her past. It moves me to know how fragile and sweet your heart is. In that sense, your sweetness is quite related to your vulnerability, but it is also impressive that you get to be so selfless despite having had bad experiences in the past.It moves me, the way you can forget about yourself to sacrifice for others, particularly me. Although it is not something I want in most cases, because I would never want for us to have to sacrifice something for the other, it moves me when you think about giving me some petit snack or food despite liking it, just because you know I do too.

Your sweetness is not just kindness, it is also your empathy, especially towards me. It is the way you can understand my feelings effortlessly, the way I can simply be an open book and know that I will not be judged by what is written on the page, but rather helped to turn the next one and move on.Your sweetness is also physical. It is incredibly satisfying, when we touch, to feel how soft and delicate your skin is. You are sweet, dainty, delicate, and I can never have enough of being lost in your sweet embrace.

06-12 : My soul mate
	I have a problem with the term "soul mate". People tend to use it too often, describing just about anything. Sort of how some people think that their relationship has depth or strength. 

	I think when it comes to our relationship, I tend to have this feeling of reject for other's. I don't like the idea that they might think that they have what we have, that they are feeling what we are feeling. It's probably a toxic way of viewing it, but it can easily be explained by how we are, by definition, soul mate. 

	For me, even before we met, I define a soul mate as someone with who it just clicks, effortlessly. With who, it is so easy to fall in love, with this feeling of everything suddenly making sense. Each person, despite not being perfect objectively, would be for the other. 
	Therefore, I think that by definition, we are soul mates. Sure enough, we had a moment during which I had to wait a little because I fell before you, but I know you were just being cautious.

	I still have a hard time realizing how it seemed to have been destined. I do believe in some sort of a butterfly effect, one small thing can be the start of a chain to cause a very impactful event, and if we go way back, everything makes sense. 
	I think it began by the loss of your dad and your mom needing to find someone else. She had options, she was talking to several men but the one who she married was this german guy. Then, for years and years, you had to endure this shitty penpal relationship, as if you were waiting for me, making sure not to meet anyone else that could disrupt the timing. Meanwhile, I endured years with this person, only for us to be available at the exact same time. If during any of these years, the smallest thing changed, we probably wouldn't have met. We were available and ready to meet real love, at the same time, hardened by our past shitty relationships. And finally, the payback from your mom marrying this german guy, made it possible for us to meet in real life long enough for me to propose to you. 

	Surely, I don't necessarily believe in god, nor a higher power, but I have to admit that we got lucky.
	You are my soul mate because I don't want to spend time without you, because as well as being my wife, you are my best friend. We are bond beyond this physical world and, by some etheral forces, we joined again. Now, all that I'm wishing for is to be lucky enough to spend a long and healthy life by your side. Just enjoying the sweet, tranquille life I have, with the soul I yearned to rejoin through hard years and desperate times. 


07-12 : Our first day officially being together
	The excitment, the waiting, involving your family as well.


	I wanted to finish the week by talking about the day we first met.

	Firstly, I'd like for us to remember how unlikely and unexpected it was for us to meet that early. I remember us talking about meeting sometime in january 2023 if I can take days off to come to the philippines. I didn't imagine it would be possible for us to already meet in July. Now, while I can't remember the exact date, I remember exactly how it felt preparing everything for you. 
	I wanted everything to be perfect, and so, I bought a new matress, new pillows, new sheets... I just wanted for you to really sleep in a new bed, not something that was already shared with someone else, it felt dirty. I remember trying to speed up the process of finishing up the place to welcome you. Also, trying to make sure everything was spotless as I knew you wouldn't have liked for your new home to be dirty. 

	I remember when we were taling to each other while you were on you way in. I remember the excitment and stress ramping up a little. I wouldn't say that I was anxious, but definitely stressed/excited as I knew something big was about to happen, should it be negative or immensly positive as it turned out to be. I don't know if you'll relate, but I somehow feel whenever a big moment is about to happen for me. Now, of course, for our first meeting, it was pretty clear that something important was at play, but I mean, in general, I sort of sense these things. And it really translates into this thing in my stomach, adrenaline squeezing it in as I feel every second more intensly than the previous one. During these times, everything is enhanced. Joy, fear, laughter, feelings get progressively more intense. And on that day, it didn't stop growing even when I was already driving to fetch you in Dusseldorf. 
	I remember how cute it was that your family requested that I sent a picture of myself going to fetch you, as if they just wanted confirmation that I was indeed on my way and not standing you up.

	I honesly barely remember the drive. I'd probably best describe it as me spacing out for the entire drive. 
	When I finally arrived at the airport though and I was finally waiting for you, knowing that any minute you'd be appearing for the first time in my sight. I kept playing the scene in my head. "Oh here she comes..." I kept thinking. I kept imagining that you were the next person to show up. And then finally, you surprised me by attacking me from the back and all of that nut twisting enhanced feelings vanished. 

	I can say with full confidence that this was the most natural, effortless, encounter one could ever dream of. Intantly, our personality matched and we were just like on the phone. Two sides of the same coin. We quickly reached the car and drove home, for the first time. I remember how we couldn't keep our hands to ourselves during the drive. Even getting people behind us to honk because we were french kissing instead of moving forward. Two love birds, united for the first time.
	
	When we finally arrived home, I am still surprised, to this day, about how natural it was for us to start being intimate. We just went to the shower together and climbed upstairs to be able to feel each other's touch for the first time. 
	I must say that, above everything, I am still amazed to see how easy it was for us to just be together. I would have accepted as normal some awkwardness, some hesitation here and there. But none of that. Right away, we were Lexi and Tazi, each other's best friends. Nothing less.


08-12 : The first weeks
	You probably noticed by now that we are sort of going in a chronological order for the different entries. So, I wanted to talk about the first weeks being together to begin this week.
	
	It's not easy to be talking about the weeks after we met without spoiling every event I'd like to talk about in the future, but I will try my best.
	I remember not knowing what time or even day it was in the first couple of days. We were just in the room, having lemonpie, falling asleep, waking up, talking, lemonpie,... This cycle seemed infinite. I don't even remember us cooking food during that time, we just literally just sustaining ourselves with love.
	Thinking back, it all seems unreal even to this day. It felt like we were in a dream, we were not even using our phones almost, I remember even thinking "wow I probably should give some news to my family". We were already in our little bubble, not wanting to let the outside world interfere. 

	I remember how easy it felt to be around you. We didn't even need to adjust from the phone calls to being physically together, it was justn like we added another layer to our relationship, not changing the scenery. I remember being struck by your loving and cuddly nature. When we were on the phone, it's not something that could easily be seen because it translates in a lot of physical touch, a lot of cuddling. 
	
	I really love how natural it was for you to find your place in my arms.
	I remember being so ennamored by how easily we would fall asleep with each other's touch. Whenever I would hold and have your head on my chest, you would fall asleep in seconds. I found that so romantic and, to this day, it is still true. You sleep best when I am holding you. 
	They say that when you have found your person, it is natural to fall asleep around them quite easily because you feel completely safe and calm. Whenever I wouldn't be able to sleep, just holding you does the trick and puts me right back in dreamland.

	I remember how it was to discover all your petits quirks and habits in real life too. Observing how you liked to spray everything with alcohol, how you put on your clothes. I found it so romantic to be able to discover the person I loved again, through another scope.
	For some people, it might be challenging, maybe they'd need to adapt, but for me, I remember it just being such a romantic experience. 
	I just loved our first weeks, for all the lemonpie and all the discoveries we made about each other.

	
09-12 : Apple Picking
	This one was probably the first very important step we took together, meeting each other's family. 

	I'll include the time when you met my family too, because it was shortly before, but the title refers to our time at Vera's with your Mom and Juergen.

I was very proud to introduce you to my family. Sort of like "Look how amazing she is". Sure, there was a big language barrier between you and my family but I already could see how everyone instantly liked you. Despite mamie not speaking a word of english and you not a lot of french at the time, you bonded so easily, as if she saw how similar you were to her and vice versa. 
Also, I remember how excited my sisters were to meet you, especially Lulu who just wanted an excuse to speak in english! But most importantly, I loved that moment with my mom were you both got emotional when we were saying goodbye. This really touched me because I know how my mom can be guarding her emotions behind a thick wall but she seemed to have never gotten her guard up around you. She instantly loved and accepted you. I remember how she kept on bragging about how nice you were at my dad's retirement party with her friends. Telling them that we're about to get married and that you were the sweetest. Really big contrast to you-know-who. 

Shortly after you meeting my family, we drove all the way to Windeck to visit your mom and Juergen at Vera's. And god knows I was a bit nervous. Not only to meet your mom, but also Juergen. I really didn't know what to expect but as soon as we arrived, I felt how your mom instantly liked me too, when she hugged me. I could clearly see that your mom wasn't the type to like everyone and let her guard down in front of everyone, but it seemed like she was comfortable enough around me. 
I remember how funny it was for me to catch on you two bitching about Juergen's sister in Pangasinan. 
I was also relieved that Juergen really seems to be on the same software as papy. A very simple guy who just likes food above anything else. And so, I feel like I already won a small place in his heart with the cheese we brought. To this day, I don't really know if he likes anyone except Dharma in your whole extended family, including us, but he seems to be comfortable around us and, as long as we provide nice food, we're on his good side. 

I loved our time at Vera's, picking apple and making compote. I really could see how life would be if we were living with your mom, how we could let go and enjoy nice food and tea time. Now, with the time I've spent in the Philippines around you and your mom, I can safely say that I'm happy your mom feels comfortable around me to the point where she can say just about anything. 
It seems like she values my opinion and thinks high enough of me to share her thoughts and plans. 

Now that we are married, we form our own little family, you and I. But on the days we met each other's family, I'm confident in saying that we both extended our family. I know that no matter what happens to me, my family will be there for you.

10-12 : Staring into Didier's eyes

Sadly, despite us loving the little bubble we were in during the first days / weeks, I had to go back to work at some point.

But then, I would that these days also gave you a glimpse into how it would be if we lived together. You'd be at home, sometimes working remotly, while I would be at the office. 
Weirdly enough, I feel like this was quite a natural process for us to go through, it didn't disrupt our dynamic and we kept on evolving around it. Just like anything else, it seems like our boat, whatever storm it might stuck in or no matter the ocean we're navigating, stays afloat. Nothing seems to disrupt our tranquility and we adapt to anything, making it part of our daily routine. 
And so, it became quite normal for you to cook a bit more, to take on more responsability in the house while I was working.

I remember you telling about how didier would stay in his tower, staring at you from behind the barrier. He must have felt weird too. Wondering what would I leave you two alone and why wasn't he allowed in the room anymore. Just like my family though, Didier seemed to have welcomed you easily. I think that, in general, pets love you and that's a major green flag. I remember one time when I brought didier to the park with my friends and he really did not like one of Océane's friend. He was barking and growling at her. Maybe he knew that she wasn't a good person. 
With you though, he felt comfortable right away and he probably found a weird companion. He is an odd dog and I feel like he understood that we were odd people too.

I also remember that our conversations didn't stop even when I was at work. We would keep on texting, sending each other pictures, and it remains to this day. Sure enough, we are often waiting to be back together at home to have full on conversations, but we keep on texting, giving each other news, and it is easily explained by how inseparable we are. 
Put us in two different countries, on the other side of the world, and we'll be glued to our phones, wanting to get the latest news about the other person.

I loved how this was the beginning of our little routine, the one I find so swwet and romantic. The one that people would think kills a relationship, when I view it as a way for us to love each other more, a way for us to deepen the affection for one another. 

11-12 : How sweet is it? (Ode to our simple, habit filled life)
	
	Some say routine is a silent killer for couple. Some say, you should try to avoid doing the same things everyday.
	If we take their point o view, they might imagine that a life such as ours is too simple. Maybe they imagine that there is no thrill, that we might like what they like to label as "new experiences". "On their side", it is clear that they are seaking something we're not after. 
	And I think there lies the key to the mystery of how sweet our life is. 
	For whatever they might feel when they are in a party, with random strangers, having drugs, alcohol or hooking up with std filled weirdos, simply pales in comparison to what I feel when I see your smile when I wake you up with kisses. 
	They might feel excitment, fun, maybe some tingling in their stomachs but have they ever felt this rush, this sensation starting from your feet all the way to your neck. Remember when we would drive and suddenly we feel our organs when the road is in this specific curve? The feeling resembles this one, at least physically. Emotionally, it translates to this urge, this sudden duty. This smile must stay on. No matter what. As if an addict had to protect the precious stash that will keep providing him with that sensation.
	Therefore, these people might be seaking that tingling, that fun, to compensate for what we already have - the real thing. Much like foreigners going to the grocery store and buying "Bonne Maman" confiture when we already know what Papy's tastes like. They can keep running after what they think they need. But we know better.

	And so, I cherish our simple, habit filled life. I cherish these simple moments with you because they represent the essence of what love should be. 
	I cherish how sweet life is when you get to appreciate such small things. How my shoulders feel light when I know that, no matter what, tomorrow will still be filled with all the things that make life beautiful because you will still be here. 

	

12-12 : Parenthesis

	Today I feel like writing about how I feel. It has been more than two weeks since I've been back en France.

	It seems like this time, that sad feeling that I couldn't really pinpoint in the old house in Hazi is back sooner than before. It's been days that I've felt like I am lacking something. 
	I think after some more time reflecting on the feeling, I have finally found to what it can relate to. It strongly reminds me of the time when I had this "gap year" when I was sort-of depressed.
	It is extremely similar to that in the sense that, just like it was back then, I just don't feel like doing anything at all. Nothing seems to bring me joy except when I get to text you.
	I don't want you to worry though, I am not depressed but I'm just saying that the "lack of something" feeling reminds me of that time. 

	Somehow, it sort of is a harsh, in you face, way to be reminded of how important you are to me. Similar to how drug addicts get into a shock phase in the first days of withdrawl. 
	I can't even pinpoint why exactly is it that it's so different with you being there instead of here but, maybe because we spent so long together physically, I don't really know how it works when we're online.
	I remember when we had just met, or even the first time you had to go back, we didn't have trouble going back to calling. But it seems like, this time, it is much harder to transition from physically being together to having to call to be able to spend time together.
	Therefore, it makes it so hard to be able to cope with the feeling of missing you. Because calling doesn't do the trick. It's like a kid finding out that Santa is just his dad or uncle dressed up as Santa. It's not fooling you.
	I would admit though, that it feels good when we get to talk longer about things or when I get to hear you laugh. But I want to apologize if I'm not always fully myself when we're on the call, I'll try to not let that feeling get to me and try to just enjoy and appreciate the time we have instead of just being reminded of how I miss you.

	The hardest for me are the mornings and evenings. Déjà because you're not next to me to sleep, but also because it's moments where you have more time to reflect, think about what you miss or want. 
	I crave to hold you in my arms, to kiss your petit cheeks. I miss the feeling of kissing that cheekbone part. I miss how comfortable it is to have your head on my chest, my arm around you. 
	I miss being able to hold you when I can't sleep.
	I miss the smell of the air coming out of your petit nose. 
	
	I miss my wife, so damn much. 


13-12 : Colmar

	Today we tackle another life changing moment in our relationship. This trip really was a rollercoaster, for all the good reasons.

I think it was important for me that we visited this region together. I found it so beautiful when I was there but sadly I was in bad company and I wanted to share this beauty with the right person.
To be honest, I did not even have this intent going there, I'm just trying to explain what could have been the reasoning in my head before going there. I remember that, seeing these places back then, was really happy memories despite the company. So it really says something about how much I like it there.

And so, we took our car and drove all the way there, our first road trip together. I can safely say that I didn't feel the time pass in the car despite it being a very long drive. We always have fun driving together, singing, talking for hours on end. It's still the case today, whenever we have to drive to my parents, mamie or Aly's, we always have fun rides.
Déjà, I must say that I really liked our airbnb. I loved how somewhat isolated it was and how tranquille the place was. We really were, again, in a little bubble of ours there which is a reccurent theme. I like how simple it was too, just a room with a nice bathroom. Nothing more than what we needed.

I remember the trip we took to that lake and how pivital it was for us both. Déjà, for me, I simply got to see that place I like so much again, accompanied by the person who matters most to me in the world.
But for you, I remember how scared you were to walk on these makeshift steps and weird paths. But I also remember how brave you became when holding my hand. I know it wasn't easy for you to do but I think that day, you realized that I will always be here for you, to support and help you through everything you have to face. You understood that you'll never be alone. You have in me a husband and everything you have to face, we face.
I'm proud of you for facing these scary things and I'm sure you are of yourself too. I feel like it really was worth it because we got to have such a nice time at this lake, also with you capturing that moment you love so much with my hands behind my back.

But of course, the most important even of Colmar's trip didn't happen in a lake or under the stars but in this petit airbnb. Colmar was the time we made sure we caught up on the physical time we didn't get in Italy. While in Italy we kept having phone sex all the time, in Colmar, we kept having sex in this airbnb to the point where we made the megacum happen.
I feel like that was such a structural moment for us. For you, obviously because you found out you could feel this way when I eat you, but for me it was such a thrill. 
All I ever wanted with sex was to get this kind of reaction. I just absolutely love the fact that I can make you feel like something cosmic was happening. I love how you describe the feeling with your talk about the stars or the world, it's both funny and quite amazing at the same time.
And I think it's what got me so addicted to wanting to make you cum, I just love to replicate that feeling again and again. I think this is the best way to approach sex also. It's so easy for us men to cum and so we should focus on making the woman cum so that we can both enjoy equally.

Colmar was such a fantastic trip mon amour. I would love to go back at some point and explore. But first, we'll have other places to visit. 


14-12 : The proposal

	Well, if we continue chronologically, another major event we lived was the proposal.

We talked about how a lot of guys are waiting to have an expensive diamond ring or reunite everything they think they need to propose and it made me think of something. It actually reminded me a lot of how you and I tend to procrastinate. If we have a task to do and we know it's not yet due we will just wait.
And so we would find things to do, as if to give us an excuse to procrastinate. All of a sudden, we get the idea of cutting our nails, taking a shower, doing this or that. Anything but the thing we actually need to do.
And to me, these guys are probably in the same situation. They want to do anything but asking the question. As if you needed to have a diamond ring and ballons all over the place to get a couple of words out of your mouth.

I found that when I just do it instead of asking myself "should I do it" for doing the dish for example, things are quite smooth. Funily enough, the same thought process can be applied here for our proposal. I did not ask myself "Should I? WHen? I need this or that." I just did it. I just asked yourself if you wanted to marry me because that's how I felt.
I'm sure heard like this it might sound like a spur of the moment decision but, "on my side", I already knew I wanted to marry you. Therefore, the question simply came out when it felt like coming out. 
<br>There, on the kitchen counter, kissing you while thinking about how I'll feel when you'll be going back to the philippines. That's when I felt like the question just had to be asked and answered. 

I personaly believe that it was a beautiful proposal despite the lack of grand gestures. It wasn't even a planned proposal and I think it was the perfect beginning to a life where we accept simplicity, we accept life with all its banale things. We found that it is so easy to be happy with the littlest thing when you are in love. We also found that it is so futile to think about dimond rings or ballons when all you should want is sign a contract allowing you to stay together forever.

Out of all the decisions I've taken in my life, asking you that question will never be something that I'll regret.



Gift : 

	And actually, I wondered what it would be like if I didn't ask you that question, or if we didn't make it to be married or even together anymore. And that's when this song comes in. If you look closely, the lyrics are probably refering to a lost love. On the second part of the song he says "Tu viendras longtemps marcher dans mes rêves. Tu viendras toujours du côté où le soleil se lève."
	When he talks about her visiting his dreams, it's exactly how I feel it would be for me if we didn't end up together. I remember when we met and I was considering not going through with trying it out because I was scared of being hurt too much. And then I told you, I prefer to take the chance. I think it's probably because I knew that if I missed that chance, I would regret it all my life. And I would probably be haunted by the thought of you even in my dreams.
	Then, I think it's quite a good coincidence that he talks about her coming from where the sun rises. Because it's literally where you are from for me. The sun rises in the Est and you come Est of France. 
	<br>I really like this song a lot and it actually made me emotional when I thought about what it would be to regret not being with you.
	<br>This is why I am so glad I made the right decision. And I'm so thankful for you deciding to give me a chance too. 
	<br>We are such a perfect match mon amour. 


15-12 : Just another monday (subtitle It actually is that simple)

	People sure like to complicate their lives with a grand proposal and wedding but, comme d'hab, we like to do things differently.

	For us, it seems like simplicity was always in order and we really understood that the first purpose of getting married, is to be married. Nothing else matters. Just sign the papers, get legally bound to each other and boom you're married. The getting married part should be easy and painless, just like we did it. Because what's really important, and that most people forget, is that when getting married, you're actually making a promise.
	<br>You're making the promise to commit to your partner and to always have their well being in mind. It means that no matter what happens in life, your partner must be your priority. People also tend to focus more on the wedding day than the married life, which to me is simply stupidity. How can you care more about one day than about the rest of your life. You should ensure that the person you're with is someone you'd want to hear the voice of every morning. You should ensure that this person will make you horny all the time.

	And so, our wedding day, as simple as it was and as odd as pepople might think it was, I loved it. I love how simple it was to just welcome Elodie and Maman there, have a nice lunch with them before going there and signing the papers like it was nothing.
	<br>When I say that, to me, I don't view that day as a critical one, I mean it as a compliment. It was smooth sailing, tranquille, no doubt, no worries. It also felt so natural for us to continue our journey together. I didn't think for one second "Oh wait is it too fast? Are we sure about this?". As important as being married is, the actual event, seemed so easy for me. I didn't feel any pressure and I was already so sure of us that I knew it would simply be a formality for us. Just another Monday.
	<br>I want to ensure that you understand that, with me saying that, I mean to say that, I was so sure, so undoubtful, that it felt natural and normal for me to get married to you.

	And, to me, the purest way we express our love to each other is through realisations like this one. How much do you actually love someone to be that sure. How much more compared to normal people, do you actually love your partner for you to not even question the decision or binding yourself with them forever. 
	<br>I know we like to make fun of people who tend to worry too much about the wedding day and not the actual marriage, but I actually pity them. I wish everyone could feel as happy as I was on that day. How calm and serene I was. I wish people would know what it's like to have you dream manifest in such a beautiful reality.

16-12 : J'ai cassé mon nez

	Aujourd'hui, je voulais écrire quelque chose de plus léger. J'aimerais parler de ta façon de t'endormir en tenant ton téléphone et de ce que je ressens lorsque je t'imagine ou te vois faire ça.

	Tu sais de quoi je parle je pense. Je parle de toutes ces fois où tu regardes quelque chose sur ton téléphone, ou que tu joues à un petit jeu, et que tu t'endors avec ton téléphone qui tombe sur ton petit nez. Je trouve ça particulièrement mignon mais c'est surtout ce que ça me fait ressentir que je voulais mettre en avant.
	<br>Pour moi, c'est un symbole de ta pureté, de ton innocence. Je ne saurais vraiment comment expliquer simplement pourquoi mais, lorsque je te vois t'endormir comme ça, ça me réchauffe le coeur, comme si je retrouvais cette candeur que l'on perd en devenant adulte. Je me rends compte qu'au fond de toi il y a toujours la petite Tazi, déterminée à regarder sa petite vidéo ou son petit jeu, même si ça veut dire recevoir son téléphone sur son petit nez.

	Ça peut paraître bête, et sûrement un peu trop léger, mais je trouve que c'est important de développer de la tendresse l'un pour l'autre au-delà de l'amour. L'amaour est quelque chose qui commence avec de la passion, de l'excitation et qui doit se développer en tendresse. La tendresse me permet aussi d'exprimer mon amour pour toi en appréciant simplement les choses qui font que tu es qui tu es. Les choses qui, sans contestations, sont particulières à Tazi, et aussi à little Tazi. Ces choses qui te rendent si unique et adorable pour moi.
	<br>Encore une fois, j'ai l'impression que les gens oublient d'être attendri par leur partenaire, oublient de laisser leur partenaire leur toucher le coeur et l'âme. 
	<br>C'est pourquoi j'apprécie ces moments si attendrissants, bien que futiles, lorsque tu t'endors avec ton téléphone au dessus de ton petit nez. J'espère simplement que tu ne me diras pas un jour "J'ai cassé mon nez".

17-12 : The great escape

	I don't know why (well I do, I just can't tell you why ahah) I just thought of when we had to prepare for leaving for 6 months in the Philippines.

I remember feeling so excited. A big part of me was relieved to leave work and to finally spend some time not doing anything, not really having any responsabilities. My only goal each day would be to just relax and enjoy the time I have.
<br>But at the same time, I also felt unsure about what would come next. At the time, we didn't even know if we would come back at all. Staying there was still on the table and we simply didn't know what life had in store for us in the future and what would be our plans. We gave back the appartment, sold the car, perfectly ready to leave it all behind.
<br>During this process of letting go of everything, I felt a sense of relief too. It was so satisfying to untie myself from the responsability of the car, of the appartment, of internet subscription, selling everything we had that couldn't be stored at Vera's. It was so liberating, perhaps one step into the minimalist mind that we're trying to cultivate these past months. Understanding that less is better.

One thing I can say for sure is that I wasn't scared or anxious. Just like with everything else that we do together, I don't feel scared, I just feel excited to see what's to come; for I know that whatever we'll face, it'll be together. (I don't know if I used the ";" correctly but I'm experimenting with my writing.)
<br>I was also excited to discover the Philippines. To see where my petit wife is from and explore where you grew up. I could only imagine the places in which you've grown and lived before me and also where we met. Most importantly, I really was excited to meet your whole family. As I didn't know any of them except your mom and Juergen, it was important for me to meet them and feel that we're all part of one big family.

I chose to title today's entry "The great escape" because of this song, you can play it to see which I'm talking about. It always brought me this feeling of lightness, as if I was ready to go. Where, I don't know. But at least I felt light.
<br>And so, when we planned for that sabbatical, this is exactly how I felt. So light. I can't express how much I miss that feeling, especially when everything here feels 10 times heavier when you're not around. Work is exhausting, Noël is stressing me out because I feel like I have nothing to bring.
<br>Sometimes though, we don't even need to plan a sabbatical or go anywhere for me to feel light. Just your hand in the back of my head, or your lips on mine will make me float like a feather. 

I wonder what was your state of mind when we were preparing to go there? Were you anxious about me liking/not liking it there? Were you just as excited as I was?
18-12 :
19-12 : 
21-12 : 





15-12 : Welcoming Lily belle
16-12 : All the times you fell asleep with your petit phone in your hands
17-12 : Ode for a bubble.2 (text about the time spent in the ph)
18-12
19-12 : My first birthday together
21-12 : Our wedding day

22-12 : 
23-12
24-12 : Christmas Special ( Add a little tree ) PH side
	How it was there with your family at Christmas
25-12 : Christmas Special AGAIN FR side
	How it was here with my family at Christmas.
26-12
27-12
28-12

29-12
20-12
31-12
01-01
02-01
03-01
04-01


